Greet the Lord God
Those are the two Guardian Ninth Brothers under the seat of Lord God
Get up the red wall
Young Master Xu, what do you mean?
Do you know how to openly provoke the Lord God?
But death
Cui, I think it should be you who are guilty of Pan Wei's death penalty
How dare you!
God has been dead for so long
It's okay if you don't send it.
Dare to find an impostor to impersonate the Lord God
If you let live
I must destroy your nine clans
You are so brave
Dare to question the identity of the Lord of Gods
You say he is a god
Then why can't he open the main business of God?
God's inheritance is a holy thing
You can use it at will.
I see you
Just guilty
kid
Don't think that Brother Jiu and the others can protect you when they come
You impersonate the Lord of God, that is a capital offense
Unless...
You kneel on the ground now and kowtow to me three times
Can I spare you?
make a decision
I am the deity of God
eldest daughter
I don't deserve to stay up late
Courting death beyond your means
Do you have the strength to kill me?
Although Xu Shaode's strength is not as good as that of a god general
Xu Ding should not be underestimated
Our Destiny
It's all in his hands
I'd like to see how many catties you fake will have
Tianmo magic
Be careful
God
What state has his strength been cultivated to?
He actually beat Xu Shaode like this with one move
Under the World
Except for God
Even if it is the god general of Zhenguo
Not so utilitarian saddle
Why is he so good?
Princess
What kind of person are you?
How is that possible?
I was defeated in one round
Who are you?
I told you.
I am God
Hmph, stop acting
No matter how strong you are
You are not a god
The Lord God is dead
My father saw with his own eyes that the Lord God died in battle.
Boy, didn't you say that you are the Lord of God?
Then you open the 9 layers full of divine seals?
You drive, you drive
If you can't open it, it's fake.
Did you all see it?
He can't open the ninth floor at all
He's an impostor.
open